I put on my playlists,
to change the mood,
but I keep coming on tracks,
songs I dedicated to you. 

Fuck man, I ain't sleeping tonight,
Gotta re-design plans for life,
gotta change everything,
There's one thing in the equation that's now missing. 

Oh no I ain't walking away,
Nothing's gonna change for you I promise,
You wont see anything wrong,
I owe you that much i guess.

I cant even type smh,
I dont even feel anything right now, 
I thought I'd be sad maybe, 
But all I feel is just plain empty. 

Went down to a friend's house,
threw a party, danced hard,
so happy half of my mind's empty now,
everything feels light and I like it. 

See the story's simple,
there was this guy that liked a girl,
he asked her out, she said "ew no, I can't even picture it"
he went back home, end of story

There's no need to extend it further,
throw tears in public, 
have long dramatic conversations,
in false attempts to save a sunken ship.

I've grown past that. 
No one sees me cry anymore.
But just because you dont see it,
doesn't mean I don't care. 

I just feel its irrelevant for you,
to know if I care or not,
its only gonna make you  either
feel worse, or feel more satisfied. 

Yea there will be changes,
but too subtle to notice. 
I'll still wait for you, but a little less,
I'll still tolerate you, but not so much. 

I'll still want to see that smile on your face, just not so eagerly,
I'll still want to see you on the top, just not so close with me,
I'll still do a lot of things with you in life, just not so many of them.
I'll still talk to you everyday, just not as exciting.

I'll still be proud of you, not a single bit less whatsoever, 
I'll still be true to you, I never will want to harm you in anyway,
I'll still be up for anything, I am only a call away.
I'll still be right here, I am not going anywhere.

I'll still defend you, when my friends try to talk about you,
I'll still tell you about my life, but not just everything.
I'll still plan everything with you,
but only untill someone else walks into my life. 

Cause you see, I wanna conquer this world, 
build empires, rule them,
and yea I wont be alone up there,
but that place is reserved for her who's gonna be the one. 

You were right when you said "I cant even picture it",
cause we both have different pictures in our heads.
Its sad how we opened up the same book,
but found a different page. 

But as I said I ain't leaving, 
Our plans are gonna go the same way we planned them, 
Because I like you for who you are regardless, 
You are one awesome person, don't ever forget that. 
