your toxins were given to you to fight your enemies, yash. Not to hurt your own people. You're as venomous as a viper, you keep throwing out toxins everywhere. I know you didn't choose to be this way, but don't let your past define you my friend, your circumstances might have lead you to be a monster but you don't necessarily need to be one. I know you call it a necessary evil, I know the strength that comes with it, but this isn't who you are. Have you ever thought about letting it go for a second ? You think its your strength and leaving it will make you weak, but do you think its really gonna be worth it if the poisons start eating your self out in the long run ? I know villainism fascinates you, and why not, for a world that has been so cruel to you, and probably will continue to be ? Is that why you try to keep chasing everyone's validation ? The inner urge to impress everyone that's watching ? The whole idea about conquering a million hearts everyday and making this world a better place to live ? In the false hopes that after you do all this maybe this world will stop being cruel towards you ? My friend, I don't think that's necessarily going to be the case. 

In this mindset where you cant let go of your toxins, "accepting yourself the way you are", is clouding your judgement and sentiments. Its keeping you from diffrentiating between friends and enemies... Its keeping you from being human. 

I am not asking you to let go of your weapon, I am asking you to re-evaluate how you choose to handle it. You should know that not everyone who comes close to you comes with the intention of hurting you. Good people exist, they are your friends, keep them close, respect them, and dont harm them. They aren't the ones who're supposed to be attacked. You need to attack your inner evils and get rid of them. I know you think there needs to be a "balance" between good and bad inside of you, and that's very true. But you see, you're actually not able to balance it at the moment. I know you're young, you are gifted with huge powers that you dont know how to handle yet. I know you'll grow. With time, you'll know what's right and what's wrong. I believe in you, you will prosper. Dont forget about the legacy of thousands of years that resulted into you, you know how powerful you are. 
Remember to use your toxins responsibly. May the gods be with you. 
